so some problems that you need to understand early or else you could possibly
have issues with them later on is your logistical requirements
as far as you know what resources do you have and if you don't identify
where your shortfalls are your resources that's going to play
a part in what your overall mission successes as well as in a play
a part in the mission success of your personnel that you're leading
if you're missing those of those resources and you don't identify them
early and we'll all we all understand that you know things kinda
take time even if I under even if identify a shortfall right now in
my resources it could take anywhere from three six months a year longer
until maybe I see something back from that shortfall of identify
that early now then hopefully that'll catch up to when I actually needed
and having those resources identified well then allow me to move
forward in the direction of my personnel as well as moving forward
in the direction of the mission requirements